Implement alternative AE/BE keywords spelling (#1153)
dftbplus/dftbplus: CHANGELOG.rst

- Spin-orbit coupling for xTB

> - Alternative American English spelling for various input keywords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dual American and British English spelling for various input keywords
```
